{
    "title": "An Update",
    "date": "2013-01-21"
}

So, an update.  I haven't produced much lately. 

I thought doing a "make a drawing every day" challenge might help things along.  It would at least get me to put pencil to paper every day.  I "successfully" completed 42 consecutive days of drawing before getting burnt out.  I put the word successfully in quotes because I am not happy with most of the results.   I think the drawings are unsuccessful because the only requirement I had was to make one every day:  most were done hastily just to meet the deadline.  In the end, I found the challenge a burden, saw little growth and it shows in the work.  I think it was a bad idea, but at least I learned a couple of things.

Lately I've been experiencing a medium paralysis.  I'll find a piece of stunning art that inspires me.  Wanting to create something similar, the first question I have is "what's the medium?"  The next thing I know I'm cheating on my currently-chosen tools and spending time with Google looking up artists that use the new medium, books that teach it, blogs that write about it, video demos on Youtube, etc.  This post on an article about Gary Kelley by Chris Oatley led me on a quest that had me wondering if pastels were what I should focus on.  I've had many of these diversions because I'm fascinated and interested in many types of art.  How can you pick one tool or style when they can all produce amazing results?

My latest thoughts have been with watercolors.  I have limited time to study/make art.  Dragging out the acrylics or oils, setting up a working area in the kitchen (I don't have a dedicated space),  making a palette and premixing colors takes time and a lot of space.  The portability of watercolors should help these problems, but maybe I'm just fooling myself.  I got a beginner's watercolor book from the library that has a lot of exercises.  I'm going to try and work through it.  The last few times I've done this I wasn't able to finish.

This blog has become a record of several false starts, but I think that's expected.  I've heard advice like "only show your best work on your site" or "be positive on your blog", but the point of this blog it to figure out what it takes to find "a way".  I'm not trying to be a professional--I'm just trying to learn how to paint.  It's going to take trying different things until I find something that makes sense.  The goal I stated in my first post still remains:  To make others feel the way I do when I look at paintings that move me.  It's taking a while, but I'm not giving up. 

I realize I've been making more of these meta posts than actual work.  I plan to change that.